Convert z0m to orography (#27)
dmidk/nwp-forecast-zarr-creator: CHANGELOG.md

- Added vertical velocity, `tw`, on pressure levels to zarr output. [\#24](https://github.com/dmidk/nwp-forecast-zarr-creator/pull/24), @khintz
- Added orography, ´z0m´, on single levels to zarr output. [\#26](https://github.com/dmidk/nwp-forecast-zarr-creator/pull/26), @khintz

> - Added options to rename variables, drop time dimension, scale variables, and set variable attributes [\#27](https://github.com/dmidk/nwp-forecast-zarr-creator/pull/27), @khintz

Reviewer: I would change this to:

```suggestion
- Added functionality to `config.py` to use functions to derive variables using functions and added extraction of orography from geopotential via this method [\#27](https://github.com/dmidk/nwp-forecast-zarr-creator/pull/27), @khintz
```
